Did that Davis just get scared by you?
Why not?
You are a stand-in for humble after all
It may look somewhat similar to Qianshang
It's not surprising that he admitted his mistake
So it seems
Your husband's face
Still useful
You are so immodest
Although it was a misunderstanding that got Davis to sign the contract
But the liquidated damages are so high
Even if he knew later, he wouldn't regret it
But I'm afraid he'll do something bad behind his back later
There's going to be a problem.
Daughter-in-law is right
I happen to have a few classmates
Do overseas channels in Weili International
They came back from a business trip.
The students are getting ready at the Fubin Hotel
Give them a clean slate
Then you can go with me.
Even if you help us pass on a message, it's good
Ok, it's up to you.
What Davis is dead
Dare to attack the official
Doesn't he know who is behind the official family?
Sir, I just got the message
Not necessarily Wuji signed a cooperation with the Shangguan family
You don't think it's urgent
I will deal with it after the triumphal banquet
They have a priority now
To raise 10 billion dollars for me
I need it urgently.
Sir?
The current liquidity available on the official books
There aren't many left.
I thought you had a project.
What is it called a new moon fairy tale?
The Star-Moon Fairy Tale project has made more progress
Now on to the finishing touches.
That's the old man of Shangguan's family
Dowry for Shangguan Linglong
Jade pot revenue 20 billion dollars
Killing chickens to keep warm
I'm afraid it's not a good deal.
Estimated earnings 20 billion
Buying 10 billion is not a problem
The heat of the sky
Don't forget that you Sister Guan got up by relying on water
Brother, what do you use?
Anyway, the new fairy tale project
It is also the official family in the name of Lianying
Snatched from Shangguan Linglong
It costs nothing at all.
You don't think about it either
So many people ask for help
There's no way yet.
Or are you sweet?
Unlike your big brother
It is said that the front is not married
Is he my big brother after all?
But the person on your shoulder is already your woman
When will you give people a name?
I've been sentenced for a long time
When I get this done
I will announce to the world at the seafood feast
Is my woman I love you
Great bro
What does the Lord in Heaven ask you to do?
Just do it
With his power
Then he will become the son-in-law of the official family
It's still a little money from our official family, isn't it?
OK, I'll do it now.